feat: [MTM-62328] Documenting extension availability better (#3555)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/standard-tenant/ecosystem-bundle/extensions.md

Packages can be filtered by name, creator type, availability and type of content.

> To add a new extension package click **Add extension package** at the top right. Like applications, extension packages availability can also be either `subscribed` or `custom`. While `subscribed` extensions are mostly shared from the management tenant, `custom` ones are private to the current tenant. On upload the availability of the extension can be chosen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new extension package, click **Add extension package** at the top right. Like for applications, the availability of extension packages can either be `subscribed` or `custom`. While `subscribed` extensions are mostly shared from the management tenant, `custom` ones are private to the current tenant. On upload, the availability of the extension can be selected:
```

>  - `PRIVATE`: This extension package is only available on the current tenant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - PRIVATE: This extension package is only available on the current tenant.
```

>  - `MARKET`: Allows to create a subscription model for the extension. Only the current tenant and tenants that the extension is subscribed to, can use the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - MARKET: Allows to create a subscription model for the extension. Only the current tenant and tenants to which the extension is subscribed can use the extension.
```

>  - `SHARED`: Every sub-tenant and the current tenant can install the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - SHARED: Every subtenant and the current tenant can install the extension.
```

>  Usually you would like to provide an extension as `SHARED` to make it available across the tenant hierarchy. However it is important to "scope" (prefix the application name, context path and key with a company short-code. For example {{< company-c8y >}} packages are always prefixed with `c8y-`) such applications, at it might happen, that {{< company-c8y >}} itself deploys automatically an extension, which will fail if you upload an own package to the management tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, you provide an extension as SHARED to make it available across the tenant hierarchy. However, it is important to "scope" such applications, that is, prefix the application name, context path, and key with a company shortcode. For example, {{< company-c8y >}} packages are always prefixed with `c8y-` as {{< company-c8y >}} might automatically deploy an extension, which will fail if you upload your own package to the management tenant.
```
